In the day's other news:
President Trump directed
new criticism at his
own attorney over the
Russia probe.
In a tweet, he called Jeff
Sessions "our beleaguered
A.G." and asked why
he and others are not
investigating Hillary Clinton.
Last week, the president
openly chastised Sessions for
recusing himself in the Russia
matter.
A diplomatic standoff
between Israel and Jordan
ended this evening.
It had begun Sunday, when an
Israeli Embassy guard in Amman
killed two Jordanians after
one stabbed him.
The Jordanians said they wanted
to question the guard, but
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu insisted he has
diplomatic immunity and
must be returned home.
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU,
Israeli Prime Minister
(through translator):
I assured him that we
will see to bringing
him back to Israel.
We are also holding contacts to
end the incident and to bring
our people back to Israel.
And we are doing this
determinedly and responsibly.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Later, the
guard and other embassy
staffers returned to Israel.
The dispute added to tensions
over new security measures at
the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.
They sparked protests
on Friday, and several
Palestinians were killed.
In Afghanistan, at least 24
people were killed today when a
suicide car bomber rammed a bus
carrying government employees.
The Taliban said it was behind
the attack targeting a Kabul
neighborhood that's home
to leading politicians.
At least 42 people were hurt.
Separately, in Lahore, Pakistan,
a suicide bomber killed at
least 25 people, many of
them police.
The Pakistani Taliban
claimed that attack.
Philippines President Rodrigo
Duterte insisted today he will
continue a drug crackdown that's
claimed thousands of lives.
In a state of the union address,
he called the victims beasts
and vultures and he vowed
he'd go to prison
first before giving in.
RODRIGO DUTERTE, Philippine
President: The fight will not
stop until those who deal in
it understand that they have
to cease, they have to stop,
because the alternative are
either jail or hell.
JUDY WOODRUFF: As Duterte
spoke, thousands of
left-wing protesters
marched in opposition.
He met with them later,
but warned he will order
police to shoot anyone
who causes disturbances.
In Poland, the country's
president broke with
his own political party
today, vetoing two
bills aimed at curbing the
independence of judges.
The legislation had triggered
mass demonstrations.
Diana Magnay of
Independent Television
News filed this report.
DIANA MAGNAY: For days
and long into each
night, they protested
in cities across Poland
against judicial reforms they
felt might snuff out what's
left of liberal democracy here.
It's not a phrase the ruling
Law and Justice Party had much
track with, certainly not party
chairman Jaroslaw Kaczynski.
But the man he cherry-picked
for president last year, Andrzej
Duda, just broke with party
ranks.
ANDRZEJ DUDA, President of
Poland (through translator):
Poland badly needs reform of
the judiciary and I fully
support this reform.
But I support a smart reform,
which would guarantee an
effective functioning of the
judiciary and improve the
sense of justice in Poland.
DIANA MAGNAY: Cue an emergency
meeting of the ruling party.
No comments from the press,
but expect the president, who
until now has signed pretty
much everything that's crossed
his desk, to put his stamp on
any new piece of legislation,
likely some kind of compromise,
on reforms his party says
they have a mandate for.
DOMINIK TARCZYNSKI, Member
of Polish Parliament: So
far, the judges in Poland
had no responsibility
at all.
We as members of Parliament
can be, I don't know, put on
trial or lose our mandate or
just people revolt
and decide our future.
So, we wanted to have very
equal rights for everyone, for
member of the Parliament, for
the judge, and from
the man on the street.
DIANA MAGNAY: Some on the street
today felt their president
hadn't gone far enough, blocking
two pieces of legislation,
but not a third, which grants
sweeping powers to the justice
minister, including the
right to appoint the
heads of lower courts.
This evening, another
demonstration outside
the presidential palace
by those whose notions
of law and justice are
entirely different from
Kaczynski and his ruling party.
JUDY WOODRUFF: That report
from Diana Magnay of
Independent Television News.
The parents of a critically
ill baby in Britain
have dropped their legal
bid to keep him alive.
They'd been trying to move
11-month-old Charlie Gard to the
U.S. for experimental treatment,
but British doctors
argued it wouldn't work.
Today, the father, Chris Gard,
said they have made their
decision after new tests showed
the child's muscle damage
is now irreversible.
CHRIS GARD, Father: We will
have to live with the what-ifs
which will haunt us for the rest
of our lives.
Despite the way our
beautiful son has been
spoken about sometimes,
as if he is not worthy
of a chance of life, our son
is an absolute warrior, and
we could not be prouder of him
and we will miss him terribly.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The case
has garnered international
attention, with both
President Trump and the
pope offering support
to the family.
Back in this country, President
Trump called for Senate
Republicans to begin debate on
a health care bill.
Party leaders say they will try
advancing a measure tomorrow,
but it's not clear which
one: a version that repeals
and replaces Obamacare
or a repeal-only bill.
The president said -- quote
-- "There's been enough talk.
Now is the time for action."
And on Wall Street, the Dow
Jones industrial average lost
nearly 67 points to close at
21513.
The Nasdaq rose 23 points,
and the S&P 500 slipped two.